If you want dragons to shut up, you have to punch them in the face.
Press the [F2] key to take screenshot!
Having high ground is advantageous. Don't underestimate its power.
Dragon girls have no human rights. Because, well, they're dragons.
Press the [Del] key to kill your unit.
SW is DEAD.
Darth Vader is Anakin Skywalker.
All units have a chance to deal critical hits.
Helmets reduce critical damage.
Most units have their own equipment - you can check this by opening the inventory menu with the [I] key.
You can adjust the SFX volume or mouse sensitivity in the options menu.
The author of this game highly recommends you to try Battle Brothers.
Having high ground gives your units attack bonus. It's over Dra-san.
A back attack will give an accuracy bonus to the attacker.
Shield-bearing infantry units can form a Shieldwall.
Cavalry units have a higher chance of striking critically due to their elevated position.
Foot-archers have better accuracy and range than mounted archers.
DPS does matter.　
In this game, Vikings are literal monsters: they crave battle and have no other feelings.
The Imperial Comitatenses use something similar to what we call radio transmission, but unlike ours, it's magical.
Decades ago, the Empire invaded the far eastern land.
The Elven flu is a hoax!
If you find the game too difficult, you should choose Dragons.
Dragons from the Ragon Clan are genetically predisposed to depression.
Making enjoyable vidja game is quite tough, actually.
If you're experiencing lag, turn off the overlay effect.
Bannermen are important as both allies and enemies.
WILL also serves as a resistance against mind attacks.
The Sushinese hate the Imperials so much, because the Empire once invaded and devastated their homeland.
The Potetons hate the Imperials so much, because the Empire has been oppressing them since old times.
The Rurikians hate Imperials so much, because the Imperials often look down on their land as just a mere buffer zone.
The Dragons hate Imperials so much it's unreal. Because the Imperials are arrogant despite being apescum.
Flying units and cavalries have better sight.
Orthunass used to have an elder brother who once served the Imperial Auxilia.
Orthunass has lived for at least 100 years, but she still considers herself young.
This game can be enjoyed without pause scamming - yes, it's confirmed.
This game can be played without the RTP.
Most of Human Buildings have passive effects.
The Age of the Empire was the pinnacle of human civilization in the DIS universe.
Hero units glow slightly.
Hero units are immune to mind attack.
In factions other than the Empire, you can train strong and expensive hero units.
This is RTS game, so ranged units are quite important.
This vidja has memes that only some of jappoids can understan. How shamefurr.
Pathfinding in this game is awful!
